#### OVERVIEW OF AGENT: [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]]

1. Birthday: 1563
2. He has no current romantic relationships and no children. 
3. He currently works for the Astro Moros Corporation
4. Served as Nova Rheon Imperator (1607-1612)
5. He has a prevalent history of corruption, exploitation, and leadership

#### HISTORY OF AGENT

##### 0-10 
Much of Galahad's early life was having fun at the [[Davenport Manor]] while often ditching his school work given by his private tutors. Throughout his first five years as an only child, he was given the utmost attention from his father [[Fawkes Davenport]] {presumed due to his lack of attention from his father, and Galahad's grandfather, [[Arthur Davenport]]} . Galahad was taught tall tales of his families history. Horrible events of exploitation and cooperate domination retold like medieval fantasies of heroes and knights, placing the Davenport family as the good guys. This strong sense of a powerful, virtuous family gave Galahad pride in the Davenport name. 

When Galahad was five, [[Bedivere Davenport]] was born. Bedivere did not live up to the same sense of wonder towards the family that Galahad had. He deeply struggled with keeping attention in studies and stores {Presumed attention deficit disorder}. Galahad, unable to understand why his brother would be so "careless", often grew angry and annoyed at Bedivere. The two quickly grew into a heated older-younger brother rivalry. Bedivere would do something that upset Galahad, Galahad would retaliate, and Bedivere would try to fight back, but due to Galahad's much larger size due to their age gap, would always lose. Galahad would eventually beat up Bedivere enough to where Bedivere was able to pay attention to family stories and legends out of fear.

When Galahad was ten. [[Lancelot Davenport]] was born. Their mother, [[Auguste Davenport]], saw her mistakes of allowing Bedivere and Galahad's rivalry to change Bedivere for the worst and would often keep Lancelot separate from Galahad. Not only in studies and stories, but also in some games. Due to her worry about Galahad hurting Lancelot, Lancelot did not grow up with the same "glorious" stories of the family. As he grew, he was a clearly distinct child. Different, not only in viewpoints, but also his moral compass. He was destined to become a much more normal person compared to the feared into belief Bedivere and the deeply propagandized Galahad. 

Galahad would only see Lancelot as a strange person who for some reason he couldn't understand, wouldn't participate in the same things he did. His mother told Galahad that he was learning the same things and playing the same games, just at a different level due to his age. Galahad brushed off any thoughts of Lancelot being like the "pathetic" Bedivere.
##### 11-20 {Major Events: [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]]}
In 1574, the Nova Coal Co imploded. Deep rooted rivalries between the Wilson family and Davenport family had been causing a major rift throughout the lifetimes of the 3rd generation. The Wilson siblings, seeing the direction of Nova Rheon and it's more socialist policies, demanded that they move the company to the Caelum Dominion in order to secure more profits in the challenging, but more capitalist market. Callista and Fawkes Davenport refused this idea, demanding that the company stay true to its history and remain as a strong symbol of Nova Rheon. This, combined with the recent passing of their father [[Arthur Davenport]], erupted into a family civil war. Delamare and Orchid Wilson took their shares out of the company along with a sizably large shipment of wealth and gold from the family banks. They quickly made way for ships awaiting them along the coast. When the Davenport siblings heard of the betrayal, they tore apart the company office in a fury before scrambling to use whatever funds remained to hire mercenaries to hunt them down along with calling every police station from HQ to the coast. Some police forces were willing to help hunt them down, but many silently refused as they had suffered under the [[Nova Coal Co.]]'s exploitation. In retaliation, the Wilsons hired their own mercenaries to defend the siblings and their wealth. Battles all across (CAPITAL PROVINCE) ensued. Cutting a immense war short, both families eventually met at a dockyard. The wealth was set in a large cargo ship waiting to leave. Fawkes and Callista finally confronted Orchid and Delamare, who were running for the boat. After a long debate, Fawkes raised his gun and fired seven shots at the Wilsons. Four bullets tore through Delamare's legs while the other three missed. An immense battle ensued, with records of powerful energies and explosions flying across the dockyard. Astro Moros historians still remain unsure if both sides sibling's had archetypes as rumors tell. No video nor photographic evidence exists of the supposed powerful effects and abilities cast during that battle.  

In the end, Fawkes lost his voice box, right shoulder, and right arm, Callista would be killed, and Delamare and Orchid would escape to the ship, but with Orchid deeply injured and Delamare permanently crippled in his legs. The Davenports had taken an immense blow to their family, their fortune, and their power that day. Fawkes would go the rest of his days blaming himself for his sisters death and would funnel that hatred into his anger towards the Wilson family. 

Galahad throughout this time would watch as the Wilson's took everything from his family. His aunt, the families wealth, and his father's good health. With so much pride in his family built into Galahad, this infuriated him. This betrayal changed Galahad forever. 

Fawkes saw this rage and pride for one's family in Galahad and used it to vent his fury. He would go on for hours about how it was all the Wilson's fault, how evil they are, and how they took everything from their great family. Due to the loss of Fawkes' voice box, he had to speak with a crude, brutal robotic voice. Galahad was forced to hear all this stories while listening to how the Wilson's "took his father's humanity away."

Fawkes would become a deeply broken man after the [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]]. He would have to rename the company to the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] and watch as the new [[Caelum Coal Co.]] was founded in the Caelum Dominion by the Wilson siblings. He would turn to an excess of distractions, gambling, alcohol, cigars, and more. Over time, this would deeply hurt his relationship with his children. Eventually [[Auguste Davenport]] would have enough of his behavior, and in 1579, divorce him. Taking near nothing in the settlement out of fear from what Fawkes would do if she took too much wealth. Although, Auguste would end up taking Lancelot in the settlement. Together they moved far to the west, into the Island Federation of Kanakai'na.

Bedivere got the worst outcome of the divorce. Now trapped with with Galahad, a ruined father, and untreated ADHD, his mental health and ability to fight back worsen drastically. He would often hide away in the house, get pulled out for some task, and then immediately run back. 

With the absence of his mother combined with the hatred towards the Wilson's. Galahad became erratic and very quick to anger, taking any sign of opposition as a genuine threat. Galahad's brotherly bullying turned into a much more real threat, often resulting with Bedivere getting beat up for being unable to focus or complete whatever task was demanded of him. 

Fawkes, seeing Galahad's behavior, didn't seek to stop it, but to you use it. He helped fester and grow his hatred towards the enemies of the Davenport family, those being rival companies, the Wilsons, and his own mother. He saw Galahad as the new opportunity for the Davenport family to rise back to the top just like they were during Arthur's time. He instilled every family of the company and value. He built a philosophy of "[[the world owes the Davenports]]" and that the only reason the family fails is due to the world trying to take them down. The family has a natural luck and superiority that puts them above all others in the world, but due to this imbalance, fate strikes against the Davenports. The world borrows their luck for their own success, and that's why when people hurt the Davenports, they succeed in their lives. With all the borrowing that has happened to the family, its clear the world is deeply in debt to the Davenports, the people with the most debt being their rivals. The way the family remains on top, as they rightfully deserve, is to collect that debt. To take back their luck and power from those who borrowed it. This meant any means necessary, the best always being through overpowering with wealth and business success, as capitalism was the right way of the world and the natural way to maintain the high standing the family deserved. The family was not below going through other means though, buying mercenaries, hiring hitmen, stealing, exploiting, whatever was necessary to make good on the debt owed to them. 

To the young Galahad, all of this made perfect sense to him. All the evidence made sense. He became the philosophical and ethical pupil to Fawkes, becoming his prized, prodigal son. Throughout Fawkes' teachings, he built three great values into Galahad.

1. Protect the Lineage (keep the family on top and their lineage great)
2. Keep the Company Powerful (The family business must always reign supreme)
3. Absorb all Betrayers (Anyone who betrays the family must be destroyed and their power absorbed into the family)

Galahad took these values as his life's mission. That he will one day see the family name made great again, removed from the controversy of their war with the Wilsons. That he will one day see the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] becoming the most powerful business in the land. And finally, that he will one day see the Wilson's, and all other opposition, destroyed, power & wealth absorbed, and debt collected.
##### 21-30 {Major Events: [[Ozymandias]]}
After the divorce and [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]], Fawkes was left in a dire situation. After years of sorrowing, Galahad used Fawkes' own philosophies against him, showing him the hypocrisy of wasting away instead of making the family great. This inspired him to change his ways, and over six months, cured himself of addictions and got himself back into the business world. The [[Davenport Coal Co.]] was in a horrid situation. Poorly managed, losing to rival coal companies, and more. 

Fawkes and Galahad teamed up to stop this, with Bedivere demanded to serve as Galahad's operations assistant. Together, Fawkes as CEO and Galahad as COO, they dominated the business world. Cutthroat strategies, buying out larger companies through debt, then using illegal mercenaries to have debt cleared, and much more. Together they crushed their rivals across the (WEST VIRGINIAN) coal countryside. This was the great rise they had always dreamed up. They were rapidly becoming the most powerful company, returning their lineage to greatness, and were absorbing every single one of their rivals. This success and new status demanded a change, a new title to represent their new power. In 1586, the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] was renamed to [[Ozymandias Inc.]] This new company began using horrid tactics, company towns, buying out all forms of industry(ex. any coal mining equipment company, banking companies, and more), along with using a new attack team of mercenaries, The [[Davenport High Guard]], with Galahad as their commander. 

Bedivere would often take over temporarily as COO while Galahad led his High Guard into dangerous operations. Together, Galahad and his 25 man division would hack computer systems, assassinate company higher ups, and engage in battle against rival mercenaries.  

> [!note] Structure of The [[Davenport High Guard]]
>#### Command Team
> A unit of 10 mercenaries, each specialized to be the best in their own field. They are each equipped with state of the art technology, most never seen by the public. Two sub-commanders exist within the Command Team, Venusian and Pharotek. 
>#### Seeker Division
> A unit of 15 mercenaries equipped with high end weaponry. Standard rifles and battle armor. They are meant to act like battle troopers, meant for breaching into buildings or engaging in battle against large mercenary forces. Also good for civilian subduing

Just as Icarus flew to close to the sun, [[Ozymandias Inc.]] grew too powerful. Constant rumors of illegal operations, heavy exploitations, and rapid growth made [[Ozymandias Inc.]] a threat to the entire economy of Nova Rheon. If the Wilson's were right about anything, its that Nova Rheon was on a deeply socialist path, and that would be the death of the Davenport lineage. Rising social concerns about the power of the company and a new generation of politicians that refused the same bribes and threats as the previous generations caused crackdowns on powerful corporations. 

In 1595, after nearly a decade of supremacy and growth FIGURE OUT TIMELINE
##### 31-40 

##### 41-50 {Major Events: [[The CEO of Nova Rheon]], [[The Collapse]], [[Time to Join Astro Moros]]}
