#### OVERVIEW OF AGENT: [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]]

1. Birthday: 1563
2. He has no current romantic relationships and no children. 
3. He currently works for the Astro Moros Corporation
4. Served as Nova Rheon Imperator (1606-1611)
5. He has a prevalent history of corruption, exploitation, and leadership

#### HISTORY OF AGENT

##### 0-10 
Much of Galahad's early life was having fun at the [[Davenport Manor]] while often ditching his school work given by his private tutors. Throughout his first five years as an only child, he was given the utmost attention from his father [[Fawkes Davenport]] {presumed due to his lack of attention from his father, and Galahad's grandfather, [[Arthur Davenport]]} . Galahad was taught tall tales of his families history. Horrible events of exploitation and cooperate domination retold like medieval fantasies of heroes and knights, placing the Davenport family as the good guys. This strong sense of a powerful, virtuous family gave Galahad pride in the Davenport name. 

When Galahad was five, [[Bedivere Davenport]] was born. Bedivere did not live up to the same sense of wonder towards the family that Galahad had. He deeply struggled with keeping attention in studies and stores {Presumed attention deficit disorder}. Galahad, unable to understand why his brother would be so "careless", often grew angry and annoyed at Bedivere. The two quickly grew into a heated older-younger brother rivalry. Bedivere would do something that upset Galahad, Galahad would retaliate, and Bedivere would try to fight back, but due to Galahad's much larger size due to their age gap, would always lose. Galahad would eventually beat up Bedivere enough to where Bedivere was able to pay attention to family stories and legends out of fear.

When Galahad was ten. [[Lancelot Davenport]] was born. Their mother, [[Auguste Davenport]], saw her mistakes of allowing Bedivere and Galahad's rivalry to change Bedivere for the worst and would often keep Lancelot separate from Galahad. Not only in studies and stories, but also in some games. Due to her worry about Galahad hurting Lancelot, Lancelot did not grow up with the same "glorious" stories of the family. As he grew, he was a clearly distinct child. Different, not only in viewpoints, but also his moral compass. He was destined to become a much more normal person compared to the feared into belief Bedivere and the deeply propagandized Galahad. 

Galahad would only see Lancelot as a strange person who for some reason he couldn't understand, wouldn't participate in the same things he did. His mother told Galahad that he was learning the same things and playing the same games, just at a different level due to his age. Galahad brushed off any thoughts of Lancelot being like the "pathetic" Bedivere.
##### 11-20 {Major Events: [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]]}
In 1574, the Nova Coal Co imploded. Deep rooted rivalries between the Wilson family and Davenport family had been causing a major rift throughout the lifetimes of the 3rd generation. The Wilson siblings, seeing the direction of Nova Rheon and it's more socialist policies, demanded that they move the company to the Caelum Dominion in order to secure more profits in the challenging, but more capitalist market. Callista and Fawkes Davenport refused this idea, demanding that the company stay true to its history and remain as a strong symbol of Nova Rheon. This, combined with the recent passing of their father [[Arthur Davenport]], erupted into a family civil war. Delamare and Orchid Wilson took their shares out of the company along with a sizably large shipment of wealth and gold from the family banks. They quickly made way for ships awaiting them along the coast. When the Davenport siblings heard of the betrayal, they tore apart the company office in a fury before scrambling to use whatever funds remained to hire mercenaries to hunt them down along with calling every police station from HQ to the coast. Some police forces were willing to help hunt them down, but many silently refused as they had suffered under the [[Nova Coal Co.]]'s exploitation. In retaliation, the Wilsons hired their own mercenaries to defend the siblings and their wealth. Battles all across (CAPITAL PROVINCE) ensued. Cutting a immense war short, both families eventually met at a dockyard. The wealth was set in a large cargo ship waiting to leave. Fawkes and Callista finally confronted Orchid and Delamare, who were running for the boat. After a long debate, Fawkes raised his gun and fired seven shots at the Wilsons. Four bullets tore through Delamare's legs while the other three missed. An immense battle ensued, with records of powerful energies and explosions flying across the dockyard. Astro Moros historians still remain unsure if both sides sibling's had archetypes as rumors tell. No video nor photographic evidence exists of the supposed powerful effects and abilities cast during that battle.  

In the end, Fawkes lost his voice box, right shoulder, and right arm, Callista would be killed, and Delamare and Orchid would escape to the ship, but with Orchid deeply injured and Delamare permanently crippled in his legs. The Davenports had taken an immense blow to their family, their fortune, and their power that day. Fawkes would go the rest of his days blaming himself for his sisters death and would funnel that hatred into his anger towards the Wilson family. 

Galahad throughout this time would watch as the Wilson's took everything from his family. His aunt, the families wealth, and his father's good health. With so much pride in his family built into Galahad, this infuriated him. This betrayal changed Galahad forever. 

Fawkes saw this rage and pride for one's family in Galahad and used it to vent his fury. He would go on for hours about how it was all the Wilson's fault, how evil they are, and how they took everything from their great family. Due to the loss of Fawkes' voice box, he had to speak with a crude, brutal robotic voice. Galahad was forced to hear all this stories while listening to how the Wilson's "took his father's humanity away."

Fawkes would become a deeply broken man after the [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]]. He would have to rename the company to the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] and watch as the new [[Caelum Coal Co.]] was founded in the Caelum Dominion by the Wilson siblings. He would turn to an excess of distractions, gambling, alcohol, cigars, and more. Over time, this would deeply hurt his relationship with his children. Eventually [[Auguste Davenport]] would have enough of his behavior, and in 1579, divorce him. Taking near nothing in the settlement out of fear from what Fawkes would do if she took too much wealth. Although, Auguste would end up taking Lancelot in the settlement. Together they moved far to the west, into the Island Federation of Kanakai'na.

Bedivere got the worst outcome of the divorce. Now trapped with with Galahad, a ruined father, and untreated ADHD, his mental health and ability to fight back worsen drastically. He would often hide away in the house, get pulled out for some task, and then immediately run back. 

With the absence of his mother combined with the hatred towards the Wilson's. Galahad became erratic and very quick to anger, taking any sign of opposition as a genuine threat. Galahad's brotherly bullying turned into a much more real threat, often resulting with Bedivere getting beat up for being unable to focus or complete whatever task was demanded of him. 

Fawkes, seeing Galahad's behavior, didn't seek to stop it, but to you use it. He helped fester and grow his hatred towards the enemies of the Davenport family, those being rival companies, the Wilsons, and his own mother. He saw Galahad as the new opportunity for the Davenport family to rise back to the top just like they were during Arthur's time. He instilled every family of the company and value. He built a philosophy of "[[the world owes the Davenports]]" and that the only reason the family fails is due to the world trying to take them down. The family has a natural luck and superiority that puts them above all others in the world, but due to this imbalance, fate strikes against the Davenports. The world borrows their luck for their own success, and that's why when people hurt the Davenports, they succeed in their lives. With all the borrowing that has happened to the family, its clear the world is deeply in debt to the Davenports, the people with the most debt being their rivals. The way the family remains on top, as they rightfully deserve, is to collect that debt. To take back their luck and power from those who borrowed it. This meant any means necessary, the best always being through overpowering with wealth and business success, as capitalism was the right way of the world and the natural way to maintain the high standing the family deserved. The family was not below going through other means though, buying mercenaries, hiring hitmen, stealing, exploiting, whatever was necessary to make good on the debt owed to them. 

To the young Galahad, all of this made perfect sense to him. All the evidence made sense. He became the philosophical and ethical pupil to Fawkes, becoming his prized, prodigal son. Throughout Fawkes' teachings, he built three great values into Galahad.

1. Protect the Lineage (keep the family on top and their lineage great)
2. Keep the Company Powerful (The family business must always reign supreme)
3. Absorb all Betrayers (Anyone who betrays the family must be destroyed and their power absorbed into the family)

Galahad took these values as his life's mission. That he will one day see the family name made great again, removed from the controversy of their war with the Wilsons. That he will one day see the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] becoming the most powerful business in the land. And finally, that he will one day see the Wilson's, and all other opposition, destroyed, power & wealth absorbed, and debt collected.
##### 21-40 {Major Events: [[Ozymandias]]}
After the divorce and [[Implosion of Nova Coal Co.]], Fawkes was left in a dire situation. After years of sorrowing, Galahad used Fawkes' own philosophies against him, showing him the hypocrisy of wasting away instead of making the family great. This inspired him to change his ways, and over six months, cured himself of addictions and got himself back into the business world. The [[Davenport Coal Co.]] was in a horrid situation. Poorly managed, losing to rival coal companies, and more. 

Fawkes and Galahad teamed up to stop this, with Bedivere demanded to serve as Galahad's operations assistant. Together, Fawkes as CEO and Galahad as COO, they dominated the business world. Cutthroat strategies, buying out larger companies through debt, then using illegal mercenaries to have debt cleared, and much more. Together they crushed their rivals across the (WEST VIRGINIAN) coal countryside. This was the great rise they had always dreamed up. They were rapidly becoming the most powerful company, returning their lineage to greatness, and were absorbing every single one of their rivals. This success and new status demanded a change, a new title to represent their new power. In 1586, the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] was renamed to [[Ozymandias Inc.]] This new company began using horrid tactics, company towns, buying out all forms of industry(ex. any coal mining equipment company, banking companies, and more), along with using a new attack team of mercenaries, The [[Davenport High Guard]], with Galahad as their commander. 

Bedivere would often take over temporarily as COO while Galahad led his High Guard into dangerous operations. Together, Galahad and his 25 man division would hack computer systems, assassinate company higher ups, and engage in battle against rival mercenaries.  

> [!note] Structure of The [[Davenport High Guard]]
>#### Command Team
> A unit of 10 mercenaries, each specialized to be the best in their own field. They are each equipped with state of the art technology, most never seen by the public. Two sub-commanders exist within the Command Team, Venusian and Pharotek. 
>#### Seeker Division
> A unit of 15 mercenaries equipped with high end weaponry. Standard rifles and battle armor. They are meant to act like battle troopers, meant for breaching into buildings or engaging in battle against large mercenary forces. Also good for civilian subduing

Just as Icarus flew to close to the sun, [[Ozymandias Inc.]] grew too powerful. Constant rumors of illegal operations, heavy exploitations, and rapid growth made [[Ozymandias Inc.]] a threat to the entire economy of Nova Rheon. If the Wilson's were right about anything, its that Nova Rheon was on a deeply socialist path, and that would be the death of the Davenport lineage. Rising social concerns about the power of the company and a new generation of politicians that refused the same bribes and threats as the previous generations caused crackdowns on powerful corporations. 

In 1603, after nearly two decades of growth, [[Ozymandias Inc.]] had reached its apex. It dominated the entire Nova Rheon coal market, ran the cooperate city of [[Camelot]], and held power over the entire (WEST VIRGINIAN) region. With the last company falling, a monopoly was finally achieved. This victory would spell doom for [[Ozymandias Inc.]] as public outcry had reached a tipping point. Throughout the growth of [[Ozymandias Inc.]], people across Nova Rheon had been protesting the government to do something about this clearly evil, extortionist company that was lining the pockets of most of the government. What started as protests in the cooperate towns, turned into riots. [[Camelot]] began to burn down and the national guard was deployed. To prevent a full scale revolution in the (WEST VIRGINIAN) region, the current imperator (UNKNOWN), stepped in and shattered [[Ozymandias Inc.]]. He separated it into hundreds of smaller companies, imposed laws so no company could ever be that powerful again, and took 4/5 of the Davenport family fortune as reparations. 

Immediately after hearing this news, [[Fawkes Davenport]] fell deeply ill and would be rushed into the hospital. Two weeks later, Galahad would be by his bedside relaying him the current news of the company.

> [!note] Last Recording of [[Fawkes Davenport]]
>##### Galahad
> Current stock prices have fallen drastically, around a 87% drop from last week. The public image has all turned against you. Camelot is currently being completely evacuated and desolated. Pictures of you father have been burned in the streets. Ozymandias has fallen, it is no more. I had made the call to rename the company back to [[Davenport Coal Co.]] in order to hide from public image. 
>##### Fawkes
> What terrible, TERRIBLE news. This is not what my father would have wanted, this is not what I WANTED. You have... failed me Galahad. You have failed the family name. The wretches of the world have taken EVERYTHING from the Davenports, just as they did when the Wilsons betrayed us.
> 
> REMEMBER, what I told you Galahad (Gripping him close at the collar), Protect the LINEAGE, Keep the company POWERFUL, and to ABSORB all betrayers. The lineage is in shambles, with no true heirs. You nor Bedivere have yet to produce any and Lancelot is out of all wills. The company is weaker than ever thanks to YOU failing to keep our rivals at bay. Betrayers now surround us Galahad. They are everywhere. They always were but no more than ever. Enact vengeance for the family. The world owes us, they owe the Davenports EVERYTHING. They took our wealth, and they are trying to take the luck and strength that makes us so GREAT. 
> 
> Do not fail me Galahad, do not fail our lineage. Take back what the world borrowed from us, take back our.. debts. (Fawkes' eyes close and his body falls limp)
> 
> ##### Galahad
> I shall my poor father. I was fortunate in that you were the public figure, not many know of me or Bedivere' s part of play in [[Ozymandias Inc.]] Soon though, we collect on what the world owes us, and I will not fail again. (Leaves hospital room)

 After relaying the news, [[Fawkes Davenport]] was confirmed dead. Galahad would leave the room and return to [[Davenport Coal Co.]] He thought to many days about what the next move would be. Due to the current laws, [[Ozymandias Inc.]] could never exist again. He would not take the family somewhere else, that was the mistake of the Wilson's and their [[Caelum Coal Co.]], which now had abandoned coal and moved onto the upstart solar power. They had lost their way, the Davenports would not. 

After much time, Galahad realized the one great threat that always loomed over the Davenports, the Nova Rheon government. If he wanted to enact revenge and allow his family/company to rise again, he needed to change the government.
##### 41-50 {Major Events: [[The CEO of Nova Rheon]], [[The Collapse]], [[Time to Join Astro Moros]]}

Over the next 3 years, Galahad would run a massive political campaign while Bedivere was set in charge of the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] This campaign would reshape the public image of Galahad. Most of the company and families funds would be put into this political gambit. All voices of Galahad's past would be swept under the rug by whatever remained of the [[Davenport High Guard]]. 

In the end, Galahad would completely change his public image. He was going to be the Imperator of the people's pockets. He made great promises, such as making the average Nova Rheon citizen an upper middle class citizen.

> [!note] Speech from candidate [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]], 1605
>*My fellow citizens of Cordifor, I have seen the struggles you face, and I have felt them as well. Our police force, brutal. Our prisons, abominable. I have first hand experienced the cruelty of our system and the attacks of our police force. These are an act of what I call Government-Overreach. A truly thing.*
>
*My Father, Faw- (pause) -Franklin Davenport was.. (pauses to clear his eyes) .. a victim of this Government-Overreach. Due to our government's direct opposition to the freedom and wealth of its people, my father lost his life. I seek for no man, woman, or child to suffer as he did. I seek for all to live a prosperous, wealthy life and to not be forced down by a government that goes beyond its means.* 
>
>*As your next Secudex, I can with full certainty, assure you, that brighter, freer, wealthier, days are ahead of us all.* 

In 1606, [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]] was elected to be the next Secudex from Cordifor. The hard work was over. All the years of lying to the people who had taken so much from the Davenports had paid off. Now was the easy work. After meeting with much of the other Secudex's and Praetorian Guard, he would find a dozen and one ways to garner their vote. Most of the Secudex's could be deceived, blackmailed, or bribed. The most enjoyable of them all to Galahad was the Praetorian Guard. The two forces loved each other. The Praetorian Guard became his best allies in office. Not only did the Praetorian's and Galahad agree on most things, but also came from deeply similar backgrounds. The Praetorian's loved Galahad's ability to command, but also the clear better lives he would bring to the Praetorians. He had plans and promises galore that he shared with them to secure not only their vote, but their honest friendship as well. 

After little deliberation, [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]] was selected to be the next Imperator of Ordo Continens. Immediately, Galahad worked to improve the lives of the Praetorian Guard and cooperate leaders. He would also "allow" the [[Davenport High Guard]] to retire.

| **Date**  | **Action Name**                               | **Immediete Effect**                                                                                                                                         | **Long Term Impact**                                                                                                                                  |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 1606      | Praetorian QOL Fairness Act                   | 1.5x increase to Praetorian Salaries, 2x to vacation times, and new luxury housing                                                                           | Fully secured the Praetorian's loyalty to Galahad                                                                                                     |
| 1606      | Corperate Freedom Act                         | Laws regarding company buyouts are taken away                                                                                                                | Corporations begin to form the slow steps towards monopolies, most importantly the [[Davenport Coal Co.]]                                             |
| 1606      | Freedom of the People's Income Act            | Income Tax has been cut in half                                                                                                                              | General increases for the public, large wealth increases for cooperate leaders. Government struggles to find funds                                    |
| 1606      | Self-Worker Act                               | Benefits and social services for unemployed disabled people are massively cut                                                                                | Government has a bit more money to balance out the Freedom of People's Income Act, disabled citizens struggle                                         |
| 1606      | Denunciators Holdback Act                     | Denunciator forces have budget cutbacks along with require new standards before they can "take out threats"                                                  | Less people are killed presumptively, crime rates somewhat change. People rejoice                                                                     |
| 1606      | Prison Hardworker Act                         | Prisons now have very strict labor policies that require a near constant work schedule for prisoners. Prisoners can reduce their sentence by working harder. | Corporations benefit off prison labor. Prison death toll skyrockets. At the start, waves of small-offense prisoners begin to be released from prisons |
| 1607-1610 | ill figure it out later                       |                                                                                                                                                              |                                                                                                                                                       |
| 1611      | Free-Market Act                               | Monopolies are now legal                                                                                                                                     | [[Davenport Coal Co.]] nearly dominates the coal market. Multiple corporations began to take over entire industries                                   |
| 1611      | Energy-Freedom Act                            | Coal and Oil are the only resources allowed for energy production                                                                                            | Solar and Nuclear groups take a hard hit, thousands lose jobs, Coal and Oil companies skyrocket in value                                              |
| 1611      | The reversal of the Denunciators Holdback Act | Denunciators have major budget increases and are more or less to go crazy due to rising protests against the current administration                          | Police brutality and violence rates skyrocket. Prison systems flood                                                                                   |
| 1611      | The Prison Crackdown Act                      | Prisons sentence shortenings due to labor are massively reduced, while quotas-maximums are increased                                                         | Very few prisoners are let out and the death toll skyrockets again                                                                                    |
| 1611      | The Final-Straw Act                           | To caste a vote, you must pay the vote-tax. Which is around 2 million dollars                                                                                | Protests erupt across Ordo Continens. Cooperate leaders are the only elidable voters                                                                  |
A month after The-Final Straw Act, [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]] is impeached from office. Pressure from The Covenant forces the Praetorian Guard to reluctantly take Galahad out of office and place him in Federal Prison. Due to having the best lawyer team in Nova Rheon, his sentence for treason against the people, blackmail, bribery, corruption, and much more was around 20 years, instead of death. A new Imperator was quickly elected and reversed much of Galahad's policies.

During [[The Collapse]], [[Galahad Ozzie Davenport]] sunk into a deep sorrow. He had risen so high, far beyond the clouds. [[Davenport Coal Co.]] was thriving, Ordo Continens was a cooperate dreamland, and his lineage was great again. He had absorbed the wealth of the people that had betrayed his family and now the people rose up again to take it all back. 

He lamented in prison, realizing that he could take down any government that went after his family, he could take down any company that was a rival to them, but he could not defeat the simplest enemy of all, the people. The people of the world was always going to take from the Davenports, because the average citizen couldn't handle the Davenports supreme luck and strength that they held over anyone in the world.

But how could Galahad "absorb all betrayers," when the betrayer was as vast as the people. He was at a loss, and did not know how to make his family great again. He had no solution for how to keep the family on top. Worst of all, he was hearing reports that Bedivere wasn't handling the [[Davenport Coal Co.]] well after Galahad's forced abdication from Imperator. Bedivere may even swap to oil, or solar power. 

Galahad couldn't do anything now. He was in prison, with no where to go, no solution in sight, and no way out. His lineage was now in tatters and unprotected, the company was at its weakest, and the betrayers of the Davenport name were nigh indestructible, and have never owed the Davenport family more luck and fortune than now. 

In the darkness of Galahad's situation, a light found its way to him. In 1613, the Astro Moros corporation reached out to Galahad. They offered him parole, opportunity, and most of all, power. Not in the sense of wealth or control as Galahad new, but a strange new power. He didn't fully understand the concept of the Archetype while sitting at the negotiation table with the Astro Moros representative, but with no option in sight, he took their offer. Galahad was let out of federal prison, and shipped off to Annuum-Lyra.

Now he seeks whatever special power that Astro Moros can offer, something, anything, to put the Davenport Family back on top.
