
## Eleanor Dhessal: 

Human Reaven Civil War Veteran turned Bard

Eleanor grew up in a normal human family as the third child of four. As one of the middle children and the lower one at that, she found herself without much of her parents' attention. This led Eleanor down a path of problem making. She often got in trouble and caused problems to get her way. She continued her ways till she was 14, when the Reaven civil war began between Balith (Reaven Empire) vs Baldwin (Silesian Rebels). She fought on the side of Baldwin and his rebels. Her parents, tired of her behavior, sent her off as support staff. The military was worse than her family. Her commanders and officers were strict and harsh with punishments if she failed at anything. This turned her rebellions for attention behavior into a true hatred for authority and a desire to be free from others' command. Eventually, Eleanor did end up surprising her officers by showing an interest in the dead soldiers' bodies. Her orders from then were to clean battlefields of the dead and bring their armor, weapons, and other items back to the military. She took a great interest in the dead and the lives they once lived. As the war raged on, she was eventually promoted to soldier, fought for some time, and quickly earned the rank of officer. She enjoyed the increased autonomy, but still wished to go MIA. Her time in the military ended in a battle known as the Battle of Dhessel’s Charge, named after Eleanor’s last name. In this battle, there were her, and her division. She had 12 soldiers to her command and had learned each of their stories. Her orders were to capture a small tower on a hill controlled by the enemy. She had made the mistake of ordering a straight charge on the tower and her troops/friends were decimated by the tower's defenders. By her own fault, she had lost all that she had left. She was in the back of her forces(she had taken up bard magics to support her troops), which allowed her to dodge any of the attacks and be the lone survivor of her side of the battle. The guilt she had destroyed her in that moment and at that near death moment, she saw the spirits of her friends rise out of their corpses and talk to her. The spirits were only shells of their former selves, only possessing their memories and personalities before the battle, unable to help Eleanor with her guilt; however,  her spirit comrades gave her power. Eleanor, in a rage against herself and the enemy, attacked the tower alone, and by her own strength, spirits help, and luck, she destroyed the tower and the defenders inside. No one survived the battle, except for a teenager soldier, like she was once herself. She left while the tower was being destroyed. After the battle, Eleanor went MIA and has been traveling alone to avoid the military that knows she went missing and would put her in prison if she was caught. Her ghost friends have helped her with this by granting her illusion magic and changing her so she could shift her body and face to disguise herself. She hopes to one day set her friends spirits free, so that they can become themselves again and pass on into the afterlife, instead of being tied to her guilt as shells of themselves.

**Family: John Dhessel, Mary Dhessel(parents), Henry, Fredriech, Eleanor, and finally Jane(siblings in age order)**
