## Mosa Mosgadi: 

Athlete wanderer Loxodon Druid: Fights to win or the fix his need to win  

Mosa Mosgadi was born to a middle class Loxodon family. His father was Thata Mosgadi, a former athlete and now leatherworker and his mother was Molohi Masgadi, a weaver. Thata put a strong sense of if you're not 1st you’re last and you must succeed in whatever you do. Mosa Mosgadi was moderately successful but the rants and lectures Thata gave him because of his failures left Mosa with a strong hatred of defeat and a need to win and achieve. Mosa can be kind and gentle but failing or seeing his friends fail can cause him to get furious and rough.  When Mosa was 100, he competed in the RedTuskRun Race. It was an ironman race, but instead of a swim to bicycle ride to marathon, it was marathon to chariot race to gladiator fight. Mosa struggled on the run. He fell down multiple times and eventually had to settle with going slow but safe. Mosa’s training was able to help him in the next section of the RedTuskRun Race. He was well trained in chariots along with other land vehicles and was able to use his skill and strength to smash the tusks mounted onto the chariot into other chariots, allowing Mosa to destroy his competition. After catching up, the final section was the gladiator fight. This was the most difficult fight for Mosa. Mosa didn’t have the rage and strength of the fighters and barbarians. Mosa was able to fight gladiators at his level and avoid the strongest. The final fight was between him and the Loxodon barbarian, Khalefo Mohlabani, or Khalefo for short. Khalefo was much stronger and more experienced in combat. Mosa’s defeat was quick and he gained silver in the 9th RedTuskRun race(one every 100 years). Thata was outraged that his son hadn’t achieved 1st and a heated debate quickly became a fight between Mosa and his father. Thata, being stronger, had the upper hand and tried to kill his son, but Mosa’s mother, Molohi stepped in and offered that he be spared and only banished. Thata reluctantly agreed, swearing that he would kill Mosa if he saw him again. Before Mosa left, Molohi approached her son, telling him of a temple in the wilderness where her mother, a druid named Seboni Okavenga, lived. Mosa left with only his second place medal and basic supplies. He ventured for two months trying to find the shrine and had to learn how to live with the land to survive. When Mosa found it, he saw a large stone altar with a small wooden hut behind it, where he met his grandmother. Grandmother Seboni taught Mosa how to live with the land and calm his angry and over competitive spirit. She showed him how to commune with nature and turn his emotions into fire, which was not just for hurting, but for healing as well. Mosa trained with her for 4 years and when she died, he took over her home and altar. When Mosa was 130 years old, he met a strong traveling ranger by the name of Tabitha. She was an adventurer who told Mosa about some of the world and its great mystery, power, and adventures. Tabitha had her own plans but hoped to meet with Mosa one day as they were good friends and both knew the wilderness well. Inspired by Tabitha’s stories, Mosa set out to make a story of his own and to gain the might necessary to win or gain the peace to not need to.