Born 1490, Arthur Davenport grew up in wonderous wealth. Living his youth in the [[Davenport Manor]] was full of fun and happy times. Him and his brother, [[Gawain Wilson]], would often spend entire days playing and having fun. Throughout their schooling, they would both show their paths. Arthur was a dedicated student and learned early that the fun in his life, and the wealth he enjoyed, was thanks to the work of his father, and a concept he called "[[Playing the Game through the Power and the Glory]]." He would find ways to trick and manipulate competitors, struggling to empathize with their loss due to his high-class upbringing and philosophy. Arthur was also known to be an "ally" of many political officials, assuring continued success through a powerful network of bribes.

His glory days were during the peak of [[Nova Coal Co.]]'s success. Combining the strengths of his mother and father, Concordia & Tropez Davenport, Arthur became a smart, but suave business leader. After graduating from university with multiple masters in Finance and Business, this prodigal son was ready to take on anything. He jumped straight into running [[Nova Coal Co.]] with his brother Gawain Wilson. Together, they would spend much of their youth's growing the company, absorbing rivals, and taking over regions. 

During the rise of [[Nova Coal Co.]], [[Gawain Wilson]] would leave the company. Arthur was surprised by this sudden leave. Although he had noticed Gawain growing distant in recent months, he was shocked that his brother would simply ditch Arthur and [[Nova Coal Co.]] so quickly. Tossing their father and mother's dream company to the side. Arthur would eventually had to reconcile with the idea that Gawain just lacked the power nor the glory to take on the "game." It was up the prodigal son to rise to the top, alone. Under his sole leadership, [[Nova Coal Co.]] reached its peak of success and the Davenport family would become one of, if not the most, influential and powerful family in Nova Rheon, bar to the Imperator's family itself. 

After a decade of running the company and taking over the entire coal miner region of Nova Rheon, Arthur would attend to personal matters. In 1520, he would get married to [[Margorie Davenport]]. A quick marriage born more out of the wish to say Arthur is married rather then a marriage of love like Arthur's parents had. A year later, Margorie and Arthur would have their first child, [[Callista Davenport]]. Callista showed intellectual promise as a child, and Arthur quickly attached the idea of the family prodigy to her, that every generation must have their prodigy to ensure continued growth and success for the family and the company. Just as Arthur was the prodigy of the second generation of davenports, Callista would be the third generation's prodigy. 

Arthur became a deeply demanding father, always expecting Callista to succeed above and beyond in all that she did. On the contrary, Arthur did not care as much for his younger son Fawkes. 


had Callista at 31, Fawkes at 33