First known as Concordia Marsipan, she was born in 1464 in the Heimat Dominion. Her family was higher in the ruling class, and her father had the prejudice and pompousness to prove it. He judged everyone harshly, although he had a soft spot for Concordia. She was given much more freedom than her other siblings.

In 1482, when Concordia became an adult, the Marsipan family moved to Nova Rheon, seeking a better life. There she studied at high-end universities. 

Although Concordia was given more freedom in her responsibilities, career decisions, and hobbies, she was not given more freedom in her behavior. She was expected to be silent and orderly at all times, even when alone. This forced behavior carried on to her adult life in university. She lived quietly, just as she always had. She wasn't one to reach out, or party, or do much socially at all. When she graduated, she took small interest in being the quiet lender, an investor who just reads over documents and submissions without speaking to the client themselves. It was a slow career, but a one she could enjoy.

Life would change for the young Concordia though as in 1486, she would meet [[Tropez Davenport]], being thrown out of a business after a failed bargain. For some strange reason, she adored the inspirational investor. She also saw opportunity in the very sociable Tropez. Together they became a powerful investor team, with Concordia doing the documents and legal work, while Tropez would get a good idea of what the investor was actually like and convince them to work with the duo. Together, they would hit their big win in 1489. They would invest in an upstart mining equipment company, specializing in new technology. This investment would pay off massively as the company would invent a new electric mining tool, allowing miners to harvest resources far faster than before. This investment would explode in value and the two were able to convince Concordia's father to let them marry. In later 1489, they would be married and Concordia would give their first child, [[Arthur Davenport]], in 1490.

Concordia would settle into the quiet family life rather well, enjoying the break from documents. She liked her work, but did not feel the same powerful passion to dream big and rise the classes of society. She was happy with him, their wealth, and their children. 

Eventually, Tropez would grow tired of the quiet life. Concordia didn't like the idea of jumping back into the work field, especially in a risky business like Coal Mining which had already existed for 150 years, but Tropez wasn't for it. Eventually, Concordia was convinced and she helped Tropez start [[Nova Coal Co.]]. Although rough in the first years, Concordia eventually made a balance out of her and Tropez's lives. She helped the company get started and get their initial boom, and then retreated from the company to help with the family. She also was said to have found a thousand and one ways to force Tropez back home and kept him as an active member of the family. 

Together, Concordia and Tropez would enjoy their retirement until Tropez sadly died in 1543. Concordia would spend the next 5 years living her summers in the [[Davenport Manor]] with her sons and grandchildren, while she spent her winters home in the Heimat Dominion, reminiscing of childhood and keeping up with old friends. Concordia would pass away in 1548 at the age of 84.
